RHDEVDOCS-5457: fix attribute issues in Pipelines (#62840)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-supported-parameters-tekton-chains-configuration.adoc

| Parameter | Description | Supported values | Default value

| `storage.grafeas.projectid`

> | The OpenShift project in which the Grafeas server for storing occurrences is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The {product-title} project in which the Grafeas server for storing occurrences is located.
```
